Locating Administration Consoles
Web servers often ship with remote
administration web applications,
or consoles,
which are accessible via a particular URL
and often listen on a specific TCP port.
Two common examples are the
manager application for Tomcat
and phpMyAdmin for MySQL.
While these consoles can be
restricted to local access
or may be hosted on custom TCP ports,
we often find them externally exposed
by default configurations.
As penetration testers, we should
check the default console locations,
identified in the application server
software documentation.
In the following section, we will also
demonstrate tools that can be used
to automate the search for these consoles
and in a later section we will
demonstrate exploitation techniques.